okay welcome to go and in your browser
slick likkle this is 21st of August 2019
and we have short-staffed called this
week there are some agenda items we will
go to so Terry and the trick are with me
the trick is adding some agenda items so
maybe maybe I'll go with the first one
should I share my screen
yeah okay
so the first item on the agenda is
co-hosting I hoped for
anak to be on this call but so I we
wanted like probably discussing in depth
but I will give a quick update on the
discussions we had in the past week
since the last column so the idea about
co-hosting websites maybe I make it less
dark okay so the idea is both ipfs
companion and ipfs desktop could provide
a better alternative to pinning of
websites and we named that co-hosting so
the idea is that when you have a website
that you care about there should be like
a toggle to join the group of peers that
contribute bandwidth for hosting the
content of that website and the idea is
it should be like initially we the idea
is to use NFS for that and do not
introduce any custom like configuration
and things like that I wrote on the idea
I guess maybe too long but the shortest
shortest idea is that if we come up with
convention for naming a path on em FS
for tracking or hosted websites and all
the historical snapshots of those
websites we actually don't need to
introduce any like configuration files
and things like that
because if we have let's say co-hosting
a directory and inside the inside of
that director we have either IP NS
hashes or DNS linked DNS linked names as
directory names and in each of those
directories we would have sub
directories with a timestamp
of the time when we fetched the specific
snapshot and I guess that's enough for
us to have this like distributed
orchestration of co-hosting cause when
we have this directory structure in em
FS then both ipfs companion or ipfs
desktop or maybe just a common line bar
script or some tool running in the crown
is able to check em FS using like ipfs
files LS command and return a list of
co-hosted websites and then listing
contents of the direct specific
directory for a specific domain and
sorting them by timestamp we are able to
tell when was the last stop shot fetched
or when was the last nap shot
refreshed and then if we agree that
there's like a will refresh each 12
hours or some other time then every
application responsible for refreshing
co-hosted website can just go there sort
all the snapshots check the timestamp of
the last snapshot of the latest snapshot
and if it's over the threshold for
refreshing it will just refresh the
website copy the latest version to NFS
if it's the same as the old one or
as the latest one it just bums the
timestamp so it renames the directory
and on and actually that's all needs to
happen so we just we just use NFS for
that no text files no configurations
just this compassion and why it's where
I like it is because it's simple it does
not introduce any new config files and
in new formats and then it enables us to
experiment with user interfaces for
managing Co hosted websites so people
are a would be able to both use like
ipfs companion user interface or IP
first desktop but at the same time they
could just go to file screen in a web UI
go to co-host at co-hosting directory
and just manually remove all the
snapshots or just remove a specific
domain name so if someone removes
co-hosting example directory
they both remove old snapshots and they
just remove this entire web site from
being refreshed and tracked by all the
sudden orchestration so that's the idea
and the idea is just both IT first
companion and IP first desktop can make
implement this in their own pace we can
of course like we should synchronize and
agree on like naming labels of or
something like user interfaces but
basically that's that's the idea
are there any questions on this one yeah
this is really neat because I feel like
it does it gives me kind of like that
the local and offline local network
scenario so you know these common cases
where you're say we running an offline
workshop or something like that one
person can download the website then
other people can get it from the other
people to have it on the local network
even if you're not connecting the
Internet so like some this enables at
the UI level some very to be sick use
cases that we've talked about for a long
time but aren't reasonably doable right
now or at least the foundation for be
able to build on some of this
and it it seems like something that
would be useful to do is to speck this
out clearly especially because the goal
is some level of interoperability
between implementations and different
nodes operating on it yeah that's a good
question where where we should expect
something like that because that's so
like the way I think about this is we
implement this sort of like in user land
first it does not like require changes
to go ipfs or JSA PFS we basically just
use em FS built that stuff on top of
amethyst and then if if it's like good
enough or we need more control let's say
to have a better control of the refresh
rate or things like that we could think
about like spiking it out and moving it
to ipfs core spec so the moving it from
like user land something implement a PFS
desktop and companion to something
implemented natively just like amethyst
itself is bioactive SMGs ipfs I'm not
sure like if at this user land level
like when that spec would leave I I even
if it lives in this issue or it just has
an experimental directory in companion
repo or something right like but I think
having especially because the goal is to
have multiple nodes be able to operate
and have the shared understanding that's
why I actually like it should be
probably expect that that labeling and
naming structure should be expect up
somehow or maybe or maybe we should
create like a dedicated to people like
co-hosting experiment in ipfs Shipyard
and we could just keep like an aspect
therein with me or like spec directory
as that would also act as a good point
for synchronization because right now if
like me or connect from their IP first
desktop has a question about this when
we don't have like a rig like project
agnostic place to
cause this right yeah I know that sounds
like a good good solution yeah so
probably after this call or maybe
tomorrow what I'm so if let's say I am
on on the same local I'm on the same
subnet
but we're disconnected and we both have
ipfs nodes running so like what would
the commands be for me to identify what
sites what you have in your co-hosting
store yeah so actually people are not
able to browse each other's and Ephesus
however your node announces all the see
IDs you have in your repo on the DHD and
also if someone on your local network is
asking you for a CID that you have you
just provided so it would sort of work
in an implicit way so if someone is
interested in the same website you have
in your store there's no and it's in the
same like snapshot or like most of the
website did not change and you have most
of it so actually there's no
communication or no signalling needed
apart from what's already built into
ipfs that person would ask hey I want to
browse example.com and start like
resulted to CID and like start
requesting blocks and you by the act of
having those blocks as a part of the
snapshot you have in the NFS you would
just provide it well so I so companion
in that case would would hijack the
request for example.com or intercept it
see that it has that blocks or that in
its local co-host store it ffs then it
would love those blocks up so let's say
and this is just a single node scenario
I've already co-hosted example.com I'm
now not connected with the Internet
but I make that request the companion
loads it from my local I'm a fast first
and then from the local box store that
how the local loading scenario would
work yes yes so basically like loading
website from your local TFS not true HCP
gateway would just it would just work
because okay having this website as a
snapshot in your m FS is just a way of
keeping that those blocks around to keep
them from being garbage collected right
and that's like the only reason why like
the only like effective functional
functional reason why we have it in MF s
apart from like managing the list of
co-hosted websites right how do things
get in that list how do I add something
to co-host yes so that's when so either
user interface like ipfs companion or I
can first desktop comes in I imagine
like in a TFS companion it's easier
because you have like you can add some
new interface elements the browser while
somebody's looking at a webpage or
whatever yeah yeah there's like an icon
on the browser toolbar and you can like
co-host this website you don't even need
to like load it actually from ipfs you
can just like mark that you want to
co-host it and it will be added to your
local node for aquafers desktop I
imagine it would either it would be
really responsible for refreshing and
like managing but it uses web UI so I
think on the settings of the web UI we
would have like an echo hosting
experiment which the text that you have
this hosting directory and it lets you
like add domains or like URLs of
websites from there but it's like just a
new I we can add on top of this how
would this work in embedded nerd
scenario so let's say I'm running am
better known in companion for companion
its companion is actually
Beck and techno stick sort of so both
HTTP API exposed by a local NGO ipfs and
embed the J's ipfs running in brief
let's say both expose the same
programmatic interface so if you add
that a la UI element just like co-host
this website it would work the same the
problem would be like the storage the
storage or in embedded node if it runs
in a browser extension then we have like
an unlimited storage because there's
like a flag browser extension can
request however if you transcend on a
like a regular websites then it will be
limited by the current limits in browser
yeah interesting
yeah I'm really interested in an
extension level embedded no use case for
this because I feel like that's the that
gets us over the the install hump for
having regular users install separate
software besides companion I mean it's
it's we are slowly getting there there's
a PR it's like working progress to a to
actually like implement and enable the
garbage collection in je and by the J's
ipfs like in J's ipfs in general because
right now we don't have garbage
collections so you add stuff to your
node but you I you actually there's no
mechanism to automatically like purge
stuff you did not clean or did not put
in the NFS yeah and we need to like to
solve that sooner than later
yeah I really like to do something like
just build a bookmark a URL and then tag
it like a Firefox house bookmark tags
just tag it with code IP plus co host or
something like that and then it just
goes whatever I haven't made bookmarks
today yeah yeah
Firefox API for managing bookmarks is
much nicer like yeah more options than
they would have in chromium so that's
sort of also so for that tangent shall
like
it's attracting discussion but like the
problem with the way we implement our
features is that we sort of need to look
at chromium based browsers as as the
baseline yeah there are a lot of
features very nice features we could
implement in Firefox but then we diverge
code base and we need to like test and
maintain effectively two different code
bases so so far we've been pretty good
at like keeping a single code base but
that's that's always a struggle yeah so
if you're picking sites to co-host are
you looking at real human readable name
yeah that's that's the plan so the plan
is if we you go let's say two dogs ipfs
IO or like Turkish Wikipedia right those
like regular Wikipedia on ipfs that arc
or dogs ipfs io name and in the web
browser there would be like an icon or a
position in the menu menu after clicking
on ipfs icon to co-host this website so
maybe this is a silly question but does
that mean if I'm the one who makes the
website first I have to go like buy a
domain from Namecheap or whatever before
then the people co-host my thing with a
nice readable name or is there some way
to get a free is like IP NS or something
let you make a nice readable name that's
just an IPSS plan that would work for
the same thing yeah so right now you
need to own a domain to set up the DNS
link however like I hope there will be a
service that gives people some domain
under some like like generic domain
which does not require buying canned
domain it would just I think Jim created
a very interesting demo when you use
like geek app for user authorization
so it does not require any additional
accounts it just gives you an input when
you put the content identifier of your
website and you submit it and you get a
domain name but that's like a separate
separate topic how if if we when we
implement this then we can think how can
we make it easier for people to for
website creators or people who want to
create a quick website to get a nice
domain Hugo for as a part of his IP NS
work created something that was called I
believe alias or label the idea was that
we would provide a domain name under
which people could specify some label
when they published IP NS and when you
published IP unless you all you'd get
DNS link address for free as a bonus so
that would not require any like
third-party service it would just work
from command line it would be like
limited to like you would still have to
take care of pinning like keeping your
content alive but we would provide the
domain name so there are like multiple
ways of handing you give an example of
like what that domain name would look
like in that scenario like it was under
a pre-configured root domain we that we
provide but then people would get a
certain mean yeah yeah so that would be
like when you publish something type in
as you say let's Dietrich stuff and you
type that as a label and we would give
you like Dietrich stop that like
websites that ipfs I or probably
different domain like totally different
domain for this purpose for security
reasons but it would be like
frictionless if you quickly want to
share something with meaning
URL instead of gobbly or see IDs
but then in reality that dns would never
that readiness request would really
never happen right yeah so the way it's
released in that scenario when you're
loading it through Campania in the
moment
yeah so like the the DNS would have to
the DNS txt lookup for which we use for
finding out if this domain name is
backed by ipfs we do DNS DX you look up
so that one DNS lookup needs to happen
but after that you don't actually need
to send any HTTP requests to any server
you just redirect to local gateway and
you load it from my DFS and yeah so
basically just as summary for this
discussion is that the co-hosting
feature would enable people to like pin
and follow DNS linked websites which
have like human readable names and the
topic of how people publish under human
readable names is like a separate one we
can tackle that like separately but when
you say Deena's linked websites though
so it's not we can't do it for non DNS
link enabled website oh we we can do
that for like websites published type in
asunder' your peer ID hash so sure sure
yeah so without a human readable name
but I want this feature to work for both
because like most of people who are
interested in human readable names yeah
still like stuff like let's say Linux
repositories or like package manager
repositories could be published under IP
NS with like peer ID instead of human
readable and some people just would copy
that peer ID to co-hosting directory
like created the create a directory with
that name and they would automatically
become co-hosting
entire package manager' three things
like that yeah yeah a lot of really
interesting use cases unlocked mm-hmm by
this this is which is one of the reasons
why I I'm really interested in seeing
this kind of written up as a as a
separate aspects of it those different
people that are trying to implement for
those use cases can kind of evaluate at
a high level what this unlocks for them
and give feedback yeah I mean from an
experimentation standpoint
yeah just ship it now an experimental
for oh no but I totally agree that we
should like create that repo and create
a spec cause apart from a cliff as
companion and I give as desktop what I
want to have is just like a bad script
someone can just add the cron and add it
to their server and that that takes care
of like refreshing their websites our
website their care so they would run it
in a headless mode as well so at least
we would have like three implementation
three implementations of this co-hosting
scheme yeah yeah that that the fact that
there are three different
implementations is where you're gonna
shake out the issues I'm very very
interested to see how how that concept
works across multiple nodes yeah I
really like this approach that we all
sort of like growing this in userland
without like take it because if we would
design this as a part of like the car
that would be like much longer but much
longer time between design and like
actually shooting stuff yeah but I mean
I'm kind of interested like how much
more how much more of the core do we
want to build out anyway right like at
what point how much how fat do we want
the protocol to be oh yeah like I really
like this approach like NFS based
approach because it does not actually
need to be uplifted to curl it could
just stay in a my fantastic it's just a
convention yep yeah so that's like an
update on this
and it's a it's a really good like kind
of dog fooding vector for the protocol
as well right like I think one of the
things that people don't understand is
that things like m FS well no they don't
exist but where they fit into the
picture I think most people's picture is
just that narrow continent address you
access something by it's the ID that's
it you know and therefore they think
that you can't actually build
applications on top of the protocol yeah
yeah well that that mutability makes a
lot of those benefits uture trading off
benefits at that point - which is i
think one of the things that is extra
unclear for developer users who are
trying to figure out or their IP fest
fits their needs or not yeah I feel this
visual of looking like quickly just this
visual of having like a directory with a
lot of snapshots I feel that could
unlock some pathways of thinking about
like creating caps or like managing data
using KP FS because that's basically a
lot of people like ask how do I handle
like versioning ipfs and you could just
create the right snapshots in em FS yeah
that's what actually that actually
should probably be like that at the fqdn
therefore for that domain right Micah
like we'll probably I need to also make
a convention for how the origin is
serialized into a path structure no I
only existing standard around that yeah
yeah but yeah so that's actually a good
good idea so the thing is if we put
stuff on I'm on em FS right so there's
like this example.com and under that we
got like a long list of it snapshots
then you can just copy CID of the route
and share it to someone and you go out
like the full history of this one
website that you accumulate it over time
yeah so that's that's interesting are
you not then like storing a gazillion
files because you're like every day
you're multiplying yeah so if entire
website changed then yes but usually
only a small it's more like they get to
get concept of like oh yeah that word
changed but we're not during the whole
version of the page somewhere okay yeah
yeah so that there's like a dead
duplication at the block level for free
when we do this yeah cool
I think Dietrich froze or is he just
muted I think he dropped from the call
let's give him a minute yeah let me like
quickly check that end all right so
more or less co-hosting the second
second item oh yeah here's the tree a
Dietrich I think my you know that is not
great yeah I quickly move to the next
one I had some rapport questions if you
have questions feel free I did not move
yet keep keeping that video off to keep
my internet my bandwidth usage door
alright so anything else on co-hosting
and questions I can save it from them
next time yeah maybe well next time we
have a canned repo with some specs and
stuff
alright the next item is oh this is a
like a hard hard cookie so HTTP
addressing is done using URLs and in
ipfs and the p2p echo system we are
using multi others the problem is
sometimes we want to represent a new RL
of HTTP service let's say like HTTP API
we want to use we want to represent it
using multi other and there is a problem
that conversion from URL to multi other
especially for HTTP URL is lossy we it's
not one-to-one mapping and there's a
discussion we had about HTTP protocol I
wrote some notes from a meeting if
anyone is interested in this but
the short description of the problem is
that we want to support the NS over
HTTPS and all the DNS over HTTP
endpoints are on HTTP website which
includes a domain name and then a path
so that's a problem because right now
the HTTP protocol does not take any
argument and after long discussion we
realize there's a generic problem around
multi others how to represent protocol
specific parameters so that means for
example when we talk about HTTP HTTPS
which is HTTP over TLS the TLS itself
has something called s ni s ni header
which tells you which tells the server
which hostname it you want to talk to
and then on the HTTP level after like
inside of encrypted tunnel established
by TLS we can ask for a different
hostname using host HTTP header so
that's something called domain frog
hunting which can be used in censorship
circumvention when you ask when you
connect to remote server and you ask for
one domain and if someone is looking on
at the packets and does the deep packet
inspection they look at TLS handshake
and they see as a nice s ni field saying
oh this person wants to talk to this
server and then when the secure tunnel
is established HT actual HTTP connection
starts HTT discussion starts and then
client might ask using HTTP protocol for
a different host name
which right so that's probably the most
exciting use case for this apart from
Venus over HTTP so DNS over HTTP is
using the same domain name
however it's using a custom path which
is the same class of problem we are not
able to provide a custom hostname or
custom path when we specify multi other
for HTTP service so that's more or less
the problem space short term use would
be to be able to specify the NS over
HTTP or any other HTTP based web service
using multi others instead of URLs but
like in general it's not HTTP specific
problem we may have other protocols that
would accept like customization of the
connection would have custom properties
right now we have no way of specifying
like when right now we have just this so
right now we have let me zoom in so
right now we have just yeah I want to
connect to this IP using TCP on this
port and I want to talk to it using HTTP
we don't have this part so I can connect
to a web service at a specific port but
I'm not able to provide custom hostname
I'm not able to provide custom path so I
can only use web services which expose
the API at the root of the origin and
I'm not able to use things like basic
out or set some cookies or maybe API
keys in HTTP headers so it's like a
problem problem problematic space for us
if we want to smooth the others more and
more especially in a web-browser context
yeah and I'm surprised this I mean this
problem hasn't been unblocker the stuff
that we want to do so far yeah so so far
we've been just using web services which
were exposed at the same hostname on the
route that's how most of things work for
example in J's ipfs we have an option to
customize location of preload nodes and
those are specified using multi others
however those multi others look like
this there is no path it's just like
domain name and port and the protocol
right all right you working so are you
proposing changes to the motor a multi I
respect yeah so that's an open question
how to represent protocol specific
parameters right now it's not possible
and we during the call we had last week
I believe or two weeks ago we looked at
some ways how to cement like how to
extend multi other semantics to enable
that and not make it like HTTP specific
but make it possible to represent custom
parameters for any protocol so there are
basically two ways we come up with one
is to add this like bracket notation in
which the parameters are comma separated
and that like this domain domain
frenetic I mentioned would look like
this so you connect to a specific IP
let's say something running in I'm not
sure if clouds have cloud providers
allow domain fronting anymore but you
could run it and like in somewhere else
so you connect it over TLS you ask for
this host name however inside of
encrypted tunnel you ask for a different
host name and then you could like add
the additional token for
some web service I mean you know we're
just getting up serializing JSON in
there right so that's the problem how to
make it how to make it like to feel
native to multi other spec right multi
seems a little seems a little tail
wagging the dog there yeah so that's the
problem how do we represent parameters
one is do something like this which
looks ugly however it keeps like the
protocol segments intact it's still just
one hope in the path another idea was to
introduce like a special purpose
protocol which is like key value and
which is applied to the previous
protocol which is messy in my opinion I
like if I would have to choose something
it would be something like this so it's
just like my psi that it's an open
coffin problem and if someone has any
better idea than this feel free to click
on this link and state your ID other
yeah well one question I have is like
why why multi Hatter the idea for multi
other is that we can encapsulate
arbitrary paths over like multiple hopes
of multiple protocols right sorry so I
guess maybe that wasn't the question I
meant I mean I can for web service
specifically or like for web services
you mean or do me yeah I guess I mean
for yeah like yeah so if feels like
we're bumping up we're bumping again up
against some design constraints that
multi adder
yeah put in there years ago yep and that
aren't meeting the needs for more
sophisticated protocol usage yep so
that's not why multi otter but maybe
like why maybe we should just change
multi other
yes so right now
turns out it's like a very hard problem
it requires basically like extending the
multi other spec so for now I believe
when we will implement DNS over HTTP and
go or J's ipfs will probably use URLs if
they're will add like a configuration
option in your go ID Affairs or Jessica
first note where you can like customize
the DNS over HTTP provider and that
would be like regular URL and maybe in
the future we will also support multi
other in the same field but we don't
want to like block implementing DNS over
HTTP to this like what the other
discussion yeah I like that I like that
idea of just using URLs in this case it
simplifies a lot away a lot of these
questions where return to shoehorn a
really complicated set string
representation of protocols
relationships and expectations into
multi error which isn't really designed
to do any of that yeah and I I agree and
I also would like to even if we don't
come up with a good like way of
representing this I would really like if
someone come up with another use case
for this apart from age like web
services that want to specify custom
host name and path and like because
right now it's very HTTP centric and I
believe we we may not be able to solve
this in a clean generic way unless we
have at least one other use case when we
want to provide or override protocol
specific parameters it might be worth
talking to Bernie because bluetooth has
a whole bunch of like clear metadata
that you can provide around with its
connections in order to specify the
nature of the requests and all this
other stuff yeah that sounds that sounds
like a good idea
yep so that's more or less
what I wanted to mention here and kinda
related we have two libraries for
converting between multi other to URL to
your eye and from your eye to multi
other and both libraries are now part of
multi formats org so those are like
official now and those are libraries for
converting like if you have multi other
of this would like simple web service
and you want like regular URL it's it
also like if you don't specify HTTP at
the very end and you have just TCP port
it assumes HTTP by default code that's
what's like at least in jail and people
been using this and they had to manually
slash HTTP here so we default to HTTP by
default and but you can like to disable
this behavior if you want and for
another direction there's your I to
multi other which is also lossy so if
you have if you have a URL to a website
which is using like DNS name and HTTP
and you want to convert this to all the
other the problem is we don't have
actually like a generic DNS protocol we
have DNS for and DNS six we also have
DNS other but this one requires
additional DNS link txt lookup so it's
like a lossy conversion by default we
assume DNS for so when you convert URL
to a website to multi other it it just
assume DNS for you cannot write it here
some people are using this as like a
bridge if they don't want to mix URLs
and multi others in configuration of
their app some people just want to use
only URLs for everything or only multi
others for everything so those libraries
are mostly used for that I believe
that's it that's the update on this
the trick do you want don't have any
questions for this so no all right the
problem seems to be addressed by the
previous issue which is the fact that it
was lossy in both directions yeah yeah
it's not and those libraries are the
best we can provide right now to like
ease the pain but you still need to be
aware of how what's what's lost when you
convert from URL all right next one how
to cover more of the text matrix yeah so
this is you know the thanks for adding
the companion bits into that matrix one
of the I think we want to probably get
to more of that being covered but it's
it's like it's pretty it's very very
empty right now and and that that's a
little concerning yeah and I guess you
know how asking you know we probably
have this conversation when there people
from all the different parts web UI and
desktop and companion about having a
plan to fill more of this out with
something even if it's just issues
tracked so that people can understand
that there's part of the words that we
know we want to do yeah good idea
yeah I believe we're all in turn on till
next quarter
yeah I believe there's like a either
discussion on here unlike her look into
having a daily running a benchmark for
like jeaious and go to see if there are
any regressions so nice those tests that
we have here let's say like when there's
a new PR emerge to go IPO festmaster
we could have like a test suit running
once a day to tell if it breaks web UI
or companion because we're do is a small
subset of
specific api's and similar ipfs
companion is also using a small subset
of AP is however in the past we had
situation when there was like a breaking
change or there was like a non breaking
change which turned out to be breaking
due to the fact that different browser
vendors yeah he run the same JavaScript
differently turns out so yeah I totally
agree that would be very nice to have
this safeguard right now the way we do
those at least from the companion
perspective the way we handle this is
when Steven announced announces there is
or Alan that there's going if s or
jessep EFS release or release candidate
like I I usually do manual test smoke
testing against compile just ensure the
API does not break in the past well we
had the very first version of ipfs
companion which was using her visual
handle as decay the good thing about
that time was there was a very nice way
of orchestrating were like browser
running browser extension and it gave
access to like low-level access to tell
if how the browser behaves when we move
to web extensions nothing like that
existed but it's been some time so I
believe it's worth like looking at the
space at least for a keifa's companion
to see are we able to run like actual
tests like tests in life Firefox or life
chromium right yeah cuz right now the
test should we have just like I listed
here it's end-to-end functional test so
basically it's like a subset of unit
tests we don't like test everything but
there are like hot cocoa puffs puffs
related to like redirects
or puffs related to the way we normalize
protocol handlers to ipfs puffs so or
the way we handle DNS linked lookups or
or caching those things are covered with
tests and those tests run we have like
CI however those ran again like those
just run in karma and in note and not in
actual browser extension yeah browser so
that's problem Chris Chris Waring was
looking at setting up setting up a
browser stack open source account which
would give us free access to real
browser testing so that might be
something that and they have CI and
stuff set up but I don't know about how
much support they have for running with
web extension yeah I think some I think
stuff improved I need to just revisit it
cuz in the between the time we had to
switch to web extension and now things
like headless Chrome and headless
Firefox happened I'm not sure if those
in like how useful are those when you
test web extension but I know it's it's
super useful so like I wrote a
compatibility layer for the puppeteer
API to work with Firefox so I could run
tests against both Chrome and Firefox
with the same skirt and that now that's
that they're implementing puppeteer
support natively in Firefox and that
allows you to do those types of
operations sorry didn't interrupt I need
to drops like a local offline
collaboration Karl which you're both
welcome on if you want to join and we
should think about whether you aren't
talk about the co-hosting on one of the
coming months Paul is it based on what
you just said earlier it sounds like it
could be an interesting fit for that
oh yeah that's that definitely I mean
probably too early yet but when when
yeah yeah when you're yeah okay I will
calculator right yeah yeah
testing yeah there's a lot of surface
area mm-hmm yeah but I I believe like
the problem with testing Jess I prefer
to go or go idea phase is that those
tests already take a lot of time so
that's why I like suggested to piggyback
on this like benchmarking thing which
way which would run like once a day and
then send a report if it's like if the
built of benchmarks over built of tests
against our GUI apps crashes yeah really
good idea mm-hmm yeah you're right like
especially the volume of commits and
stuff it's definitely not something we
need to run per commit yet but the ID
knowing once the day will really narrow
down many issues and let us know in
advance
yeah I mean like those tests that
safeguard against like the desktop or
companion would be probably could not
like they would not take much time
unless we want to ensure like the entire
API now that we probably could make it
run short but it's not something we want
to add two regular build it would be
something separate yeah I'll yeah it's
something I need to at least for the
companion I need to see if we are able
to do like actual tests in Firefox or
Chrome for
jeaious ipfs I've been like writing some
patches to Jess ipfs and running them
like running can Toyota suit local he
takes a long time so there's a switch to
just grab specific tests using a lick in
some string like I want on the tests
which have like DNS name or stuff like
that just like not wait half an hour or
like 15 minutes for tests to pass so
it's not like we would have something
similar for desktop or companion but we
would for sure test specific code paths
yeah maybe what I'll start doing is I'll
add an agenda I am for each one of these
cuts items in the list for that many
weeks of these meetings mm-hmm so next
week I'll have people write out what the
smoke test would be for each one of
these things and a link to issues and
then maybe we'll break this up into I'll
row by row basically slowly attack it
over time yeah that's a good idea or
even like just start at just one yeah I
guess that's what we yeah maybe I'll
file an issue each week on one of these
yeah and how the group discusses it yeah
how do we like test stuff right now yeah
okay I'll see you later I'm going to
join the local offline meeting yeah
I'm not able to join this week however
like the next next next month because I
think local call is monthly right yeah
next month we'll probably do we talk
about the co-hosting cool yeah I think
that that would be very interesting for
that group All Right see you see
you